title: Toys, Movies, Slime, and Charity
summary: blog for June 2023
author: Jason Oehl, HVGB Marketing Director
slug: toys-movies-slime-and-charityt
date: 2023-06-01

I have always loved everything from the 80s. From music, movies, cartoons, and especially the toys. Voltron and Transformers were among my favorites, but I also had a love for Star Wars, GoBots, GI Joe, M.A.S.K, SilverHawks, He-Man, Jayce and the Wheeled Warriors, ThunderCats, and, of course, Ghostbusters. Today, I continue to collect many of these toys, new and old. This love of the toys got me into buying, refurbishing, and selling them back to collectors where they can find a new life. I would do this by selling at some of the local comic conventions in the Hudson Valley. This is how I discovered the Hudson Valley Ghostbusters.

I believe it was back in April of 2018, I was selling toys at the Hudson Valley ComicCon in LaGrange. It was a two day show, and directly across from my booth was this group dressed up as Ghostbusters, playing cornhole next to their truck that was all decked out like the Ecto-1, and they were raising money for charity. I noticed they had a sign on their table stating that they were looking for recruits. I tend to be very shy, especially around new people, but towards the end of day two I realized how much fun they were having. I even saw one of them trying to walk around on stilts! It didn't go so well, but it was funny! So, I talked to them and got their information. Now it's five years later and I am their Marketing Director. How cool is that? Although, I thought there would be more stilts!

I have always felt that I have a lot of similarities to Ernie Hudson's character, Winston. I don't necessarily know the science or the lingo, but I have the heart. Like Winston said in his interview, "If there's a steady paycheck in it, I'll believe anything you say." I do channel the spirit of Egon from time to time, because I do love gadgets, gizmos, and coming up with new things. I even went as far as to get a car and Ectofy it, but not in the traditional sense. I took a 1984 Camaro and put Slimer on the doors and dubbed it the [Slime-1 Ecto Pursuit Vehicle]({filename}../pages/ecto_pursuit.markdown). I built my own portable containment unit and put it in the back. It's more of an undercover police cruiser design, but it does have the full complement of lights and sirens.

Being a Ghostbuster has changed my life in ways I never expected. I found an amazing group of people who I have become friends with and consider my extended family. We have helped so many local charities along the way, and put countless smiles on people's faces, young and old. Every event brings its own rewards, and I have such a tough time saying no to an event. And now that june is upon us, our event calendar starts to fill up more. June is a special month for me, since it includes my birthday, Father's Day, Ghostbusters Day (June 8th), and it's Pride Month. Being the proud father of an LGBTQ+ kid makes it extra special, even more so that we get to start out the month participating in the Pride Parade in Hudson.

So, if you feel like you have what it takes to be a Ghostbuster, you just want to help out your community in a fun way, or if you just have a love for slime, gadgets and gizmos....If the answer is yes, then don't wait another minute. Pick up the phone and call the professionals -- The Hudson Valley Ghostbusters!
