title: Are You a Real Ghostbuster?
summary: HVGB blog for November 2023
author: Shaun Mackenzie, HVGB Member
slug: are-you-a-real-ghostbuster
date: 2023-11-07

Every event I have attended, someone has asked the following question: "Are you a real Ghostbuster?"

Sometimes the question is asked by a child behind eyes full of whimsy that can't believe what they're seeing. Other times, it's asked with some friendly snark and well-intended jest. Sometimes people want to know if we're actors in the films and occasionally people want to know if we actually trap and contain ghosts.

Are we _real_ Ghostbusters, though? The answer is not as simple as one might think. In short, the answer is very much a yes. Now, have we been in the films? No, although Sony, if you're looking for extras, you know who to call! Have any of us caught any real ghosts? Not to my knowledge. We do like to dress the part, and we carry gear that replicates the appearance of what has been seen on film, even if it doesn't actually work. But does that make us Ghostbusters? No, it doesn't. Hudson Valley Ghostbusters, Inc., is officially recognized by Sony, but does _that_ make us Ghostbusters? It helps, but again, I'd still say no. Our organization even has a small fleet of Ecto vehicles, complete with decals, lights, sirens, and gadgetry. Does that make us real Ghostbusters? As cool as it is, the answer is still no.

So then, what is a _real_ Ghostbuster? Besides a really fun animated continuation of the iconic films, a real Ghostbuster is someone who helps others. Someone who is not afraid to get up, get out, and get a little dirty for the good of the community. At the core of our organization, that is what we truly do, just like our fictional heroes. It's not about how many LEDs you can fit on a hunk of plastic or how perfectly accurate your uniform is. It's the drive to do good. Being able to use our hobby as movie fans to drive the cause is just an added benefit. From food drives to suicide prevention, a real Ghostbuster has given a hand to help the cause.

Every slime mixed, photo booth photo taken, or shirt, gift box, or art print sold is another donation that goes right back into our communities to support those who need it through the many charities we support and partner with. Knowing that makes my Ghostbuster uniform much more than just a cosplay. It's an honor to wear the suit adorned with my Hudson Valley Ghostbusters patch.

So, next time someone asks us, "Are you a real Ghostbuster?" I'm going to tell them YES!

_Editor's note:_ Shaun mentioned that we have a fleet of Ecto vehicles. Please check out our latest one, the [Ecto-4WD]({filename}../pages/ecto_h3.md)
