title: Mid-year Check In
summary: blog for July 2023
author: Peter Natale, HVGB Community Outreach Coordinator
slug: mid-year-check-in
date: 2023-07-01

Well, friends and fans, here we are. I almost can't believe that we're halfway through 2023 already! We've had a very busy year, and we hope you all have been keeping busy and have made the time to come see us and help us raise some money for some good causes!

To recap the first half of 2023, we have:

* Added three new members and accepted a number more to join our recruitment program

* Participated in three parades: Beacon's Parade of Green, Wallkill's St. Patrick's Day Parade, and Out Hudson's Pride Parade (where we got to meet the amazing folks at Haus of Extreme)

* Helped fill out volunteer positions for the Mid-Hudson Science-Olympiad Regional Competition (a cause near and dear to my heart, as I was an Olympian in high school)

* Made appearances at the Stillwater Library ComicCon, raising money for the Stillwater Library, and Saratoga ComicCon, raising money for the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention

* Helped out with the Town of Poughkeepsie Spring Jubilee, raising funds and filling the Ecto-1G with food for Dutchess Outreach

* Raised funds for Compassionate Animal Rescue Efforts of the Hudson Valley at a Spring Fest held by All Sport Health and Fitness

* Participated in the Pets Alive Bowl-a-thon

* Raised money for The Trevor Project at the Town of Monroe's Food Truck Festival

* And, though it wasn't an official event, a number of us attended Buffalo Ghostbusters' Ghostbusters Day event at Hook and Ladder 8 in NYC. All told, all the attendees helped Buffalo Ghostbusters raise over $7500 for FDNY's Hook and Ladder 8 Firehouse.


And that's only to start the year! We don't want to give away _everything_ we're doing this year, but our next event, at the time of this post's publishing, is Win For Winston, in Colonie. A local firefighter has been diagnosed with lymphoma, and the Midway Fire Department in Colonie is hosting a dine-in and take-out barbecue dinner, with entertainment, live music, and us, with all proceeds going to help out a member of their community in need. Please come out to the Midway Fire Department, Colonie, NY, on Saturday, July 8th, 2023 between 12 and 4 PM to get some delicious food, make some slime, enjoy some music, and help rally the community for firefighter in need. We hope to see you there!
